#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.0
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.5
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
anyio==4.7.0
    # via httpx
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via gdown
build==1.2.2
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   wandb
colorama==0.4.6
    # via pretty-errors
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via wandb
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   gdown
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   virtualenv
fonttools==4.53.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2024.9.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
ftfy==6.2.3
    # via open-clip-torch
gdown==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via wandb
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via -r requirements.in
huggingface-hub==0.25.0
    # via
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
identify==2.6.1
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
lightning==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
lightning-utilities==0.11.7
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycocotools
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
networkx==3.3
    # via torch
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pycocotools
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
open-clip-torch==2.26.1
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   virtualenv
    #   wandb
pre-commit==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pretty-errors==1.2.25
    # via torchmetrics
protobuf==5.29.2
    # via wandb
psutil==6.1.1
    # via wandb
pycocotools==2.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via matplotlib
pyproject-hooks==1.1.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via requests
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via matplotlib
pytorch-lightning==2.4.0
    # via lightning
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   pre-commit
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   timm
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
regex==2024.9.11
    # via
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   transformers
requests[socks]==2.32.3
    # via
    #   gdown
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via
    #   timm
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
sentry-sdk==2.19.2
    # via wandb
setproctitle==1.3.4
    # via wandb
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sympy==1.13.2
    # via torch
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
timm==1.0.9
    # via open-clip-torch
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via transformers
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
torch==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   timm
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
torchmetrics==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   timm
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gdown
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
transformers==4.44.2
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   multidict
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
    #   wandb
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
virtualenv==20.26.5
    # via pre-commit
wandb==0.18.7
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via ftfy
wget==3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wheel==0.44.0
    # via pip-tools
yarl==1.11.1
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
